[Docs][8.8] Update advertised docker image for Elastic Maps Server (#161572)
elastic/kibana: docs/maps/connect-to-ems.asciidoc

{hosted-ems} is a self-managed version of Elastic Maps Service offered as a Docker image that provides both the EMS basemaps and EMS boundaries. The image is bundled with basemaps up to zoom level 8. After connecting it to your {es} cluster for license validation, you have the option to download and configure a more detailed basemaps database.

ifeval::["{version}"=="8.8.2"]

> WARNING: {hosted-ems} `8.8.2` was released with a bug that prevents the Docker image to start. Please use the `8.8.1` tag instead as referred on the following instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: {hosted-ems} `8.8.2` was released with a bug that prevents the Docker image starting. Please use the `8.8.1` tag instead as referred to in the following instructions.
```
